Corrected broken link (#69)
awtkns/fastapi-crudrouter: README.md

## Basic Usage
Below is a simple example of what the CRUDRouter can do. In just ten lines of code, you can generate all 

> the crud routes you need for any model. A full list of the routes generated can be found [here](docs/en/docs/routing.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the crud routes you need for any model. A full list of the routes generated can be found [here](https://fastapi-crudrouter.awtkns.com/routing).
```
